Feature/gdb backtrace with params (#740)
ThrowTheSwitch/Ceedling: docs/CeedlingPacket.md

  **Default**: FALSE

  ---

  **Note:**

    The configuration can be combined together with
    
    ```
    :test_runner:
        :cmdline_args: true
    ```

>     After setting **cmdline_args** to **true**, the debuger will will execute each of test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After setting **cmdline_args** to **true**, the debuger will execute each of test
```

Author: Hi @Letme,

I missed this during changes. Fixed.

>     case from crashing test file separatelly. The exclude and include test_case patterns will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    case from crashing test file separately. The exclude and include test_case patterns will
```

Author: Fixed.

>     be applied, to avoid or only execute exactly test case.

Reviewer: This is strange phrasing. Maybe better:

```suggestion
    be applied, to filter execution of test cases.
```

Author: Fixed.

    The .gcno and .gcda files will be generated and section of the code under test case
    causing segmetation fault will be omitted from Coverage Report.

    The default debugger (**gdb**)[https://www.sourceware.org/gdb/] can be switch by any other

>     via setting **GDB** and **GDB_ARGS** environment variables. At default set to:

Reviewer: There is a `:tools:` section in the `project.yml` which should have these tools defined. Let's rather use that.

Author: Hi @Letme,

Will look at it, and try to apply your suggestion.

Author: Hi @Letme,

The configuration of the backtrace was moved under tool as you suggested:

'''
:tools:
        :backtrace_settings:
          :executable: gdb
          :arguments: [ "-q --eval-command run --eval-command backtrace --batch --args" ]
'''

Please let me know if this looks better right now for you.

Reviewer: This looks indeed better. I added few more comments after a review of this part.

  **Default**: FALSE

  ---

  **Note:**

    The configuration can be combined together with
    
    ```
    :test_runner:
        :cmdline_args: true
    ```

>     After setting **cmdline_args** to **true**, the debuger will execute each of test

Reviewer: I guess i can close this, if you think it is not relavant.

>     After setting **cmdline_args** to **true**, the debuger will execute each of test

Author: Hi @Letme ,

Thank you for spotting this fixed.

    case from crashing test file separately. The exclude and include test_case patterns will
    be applied, to filter execution of test cases.

    The .gcno and .gcda files will be generated and section of the code under test case
    causing segmetation fault will be omitted from Coverage Report.

>     The default debugger (**gdb**)[https://www.sourceware.org/gdb/] can be switch by any other

Author: Hi @Letme ,

Thank you for finding this. I'm really grateful. Fixed.

    via setting new configuration under tool node in project.yml. At default set to:

>     ```

Reviewer: Not sure about rest of the file, but we might enable highlighting

```suggestion
    ```yaml
```

Author: Hi @Letme ,

Thank you for pointing to this. The language code mark was added as you suggested.

      :tools:
        :backtrace_settings:
          :executable: gdb

>           :arguments: [ "-q --eval-command run --eval-command backtrace --batch --args" ]

Reviewer: in other cases this is presented as array of argument/value pairs. Its best to put it same here

```suggestion
          :arguments:
            - -q
            - --eval-command run
            - --eval-command backtrace
            - --batch
            - --args
```

Author: Hi @Letme ,

I though about writing documentation in the same way as you mentioned, but I didn't wanted to confuse end engineer wit implementation. 

The arguments node it need to be a list, as is giving use possibility list arguments as you mentioned one after second one.

As well the Ceedling implementation looks like this:

1. Load default settings
2. Load settings from project.yml
3. make a diff and apply diff from project.yml in default settings.

To avoid adding not compatible gdb argument to any other debugger executable, we drop the first element, and use passed, defined by user in project.yml.

So mostly when someone configure:

```yaml
:tools:
        :backtrace_settings:
          :executable: gdb
          :arguments: [ "-q --eval-command run --eval-command backtrace --batch --args" ]
```

in project.yml will totally overwritte current configuration.

----

 @mvandervoord  : Is my solution acceptable by you? With overwriting **:arguments** array?

Reviewer 2: Myself, I prefer the consistency of arguments being one-per line. I've been thinking that we should allow an array of options OR a string (not in an array) with all the options on a single line for ALL the tools. But until we do that, I'd rather not do something inconsistent.

Author: Hi @mvandervoord ,

The documentation was fixed after latest changes

    ```
    
    Important. The debugger which will collect segmentation fault should run in:

>     - background

Reviewer: I think this needs a new line of top or some sort of indentation to be regarded as list.

```suggestion

    - background
```

Author: Hi @Letme,

True, adding extra space fix the documentation. Thank you for spotting this.

The line was updated.
